Hello everybody
Today I have a product in the
test though it is these trees culture pm
25 is the model was in various
test magazine with good excellent that
you can see here have last weeks
I am increasingly on this topic ip
television has concentrated that too
really looked like just now
works around the file is the
spring I wanted to come to the door
just a new product here
test and I also have two a test
as I said like this one and look
Let's just something the clock so can the
have been rated super
the price officially costs 60 euros
Meanwhile, there is already one
offer under 30 euro where you can calm me
you really can not think wrong
Just go into the
packaging
Almost everything is there and the
overpack is ever good
apparently sticking to it
manual is included
German and English groscurth
or do not polarize them any differently now
from the two battery change another
German brand product was also available
be true to the serious representation
the market that always gives what devices
the daily work but roll
I've heard that's how it looks
just take a look
of it all could recognize one
Giving a bit more feedback but is in
order settings start stop to start
maybe even look yourself were yes
at that time also in the camera recognize
What happens here can not do anything
kotick advanced male
or female and so on
weight and the usual issue
Just like to speak German
adjust
But now try the rest yes
the language has to be set to German
but not really done within
of five minutes
I do not know how to do that now
could stop what the
functional I guess who are with
every clock more or less the same
For example, the price segment is still mine
personal is that of sigma too
at foundation goods test with very good
was rated well so just told
to the good models and my opinion
after looks simply qualitative
High quality from the display is better
just read during the ride
the sigma is still an accessory part
really great and for
haider there's a bracket here
that means you put the clock in
end effect just on this
bracket on the steering wheel
and the holds without problems there must be yes
also not fixed binder anything else
just plug only this one holder
That's it
and to the chest strap as I said that me
just like the one from the victory was for
Also brought me here that one
that just has it in comparison
does not take care many have problems
should get over this connection
I can only say really easy
quite normal first time briefly and the hand
under water keep here behind
moisten and then in the end to on
hang up the body and then find
automatically the connection of our can
you do not do anything wrong
and yes to the ears as I said because he
this sigma is also at the beginning
a little trickier the menu by
click
until you understand this logic but
also work without problems one
So it really looks easy
in that the display is slightly larger
is the clock just really a
a little clearer and what also
you can still really see it
Pluspunkt is one can the clock on duration
turn off that means if you are now
somehow only trained in the summer
you seem to need the clock from this data
Do not just give one the stay
saved and she walks in, so to speak
At rest, the battery is displayed
Of course much longer than
probably at this marriage so me
The clock can really be from seed money
recommend as this work is
probably that too
a matter of taste
yes if synonymous ask should write
Just look at me and I like
make normal video or the
do not ask yet
otherwise answer until the next video
would be nice if that would subscribe
or leave positive feedback
would